11:49 to 11:50  All bystanders disappeared.
i made a futuristic movie when Asian women ruled the galaxy for 10,000 years =}
It's all clear, I like fairy tales, have you seen the one about BABA YAGA?
crap garbage. ignored the prompt and produced some generic junk clip. total scam.
Agora poderemos assistir filme em 360 graus
Can someone just recreate the Goonies Fratelli Chase but with my favourite YouTubers Jack Howard, and Dean Dobbs and the bickering brothers and Dodie Clark driving the getaway car?
Feel so nice when your work comes to life, the downside, theft and forgery
There goes movie making.  More crap coming out . No originality,  all generic garbage 🙄👎😏
Can someone please redo Game of thrones last two seasons
America....china is better. Far better....
Hater be still like...
"yeaaah...
 but their robots 
 aren't AI !"
Seedance 2 is no longer in the US. It has been removed from Capcut as well.
2 weeks ago sora2=god, now sora2=shit
trumph going to issue national threat again😂
The two ads were actually pretty epic! Especially love the Mona Lisa 😆. Thanks Tim! x
Wow bring on AI forget and rip  Hollywood
The multimodal inputs part clicked for me since Nice Touch already sits inside our editor, adding audio prompts there would keep the flow intact.
this is way cooler than i thought
i didn't expect it to be this good 🤯
the way you explain stuff is lit
not gonna lie i learned a lot here
You only pointing out the flows but  me I’m impressed by this since no other Ai close this this
The deepseek shock all over again, China isnt about bluff...
Seedance 3.0 will end Hollywood.
Man, Disney, Paramount Global, Warner Bros. Discovery, Netflix, and other major studios have issued formal cease-and-desist letters to ByteDance, plus the unions' actions and cries from various affected Hollywood workers are out, which means piles of legal actions ahead. ByteDance, which created SeeDance, is rushing to implement restrictions and to place technical limits on the tool to prevent it from generating copyrighted characters from major franchises like Star Wars, South Park, and the Marvel Cinematic Universe, prohibiting users from uploading celebrities' images, video clips, and such to use for generating their videos. So software modifications and legal actions are down the road.
Imagine future movie makers don't need actors, directors, staff, costumes, movie set, locations,  etc
This is China century, first it’s Deepseek moment, then Unitree moment, then Seedsnce moment, world just get shock after shock.
Another Sputnik moment caught US n Europe off guard... another sanctions n embargo coming??... this is truely China special gift to the world...
With this AI software film producers could use real people to portray themselves in their autobiography. History will come alive and there is no need for hollywood to ask actors who do not look like the people they are playing 
to become that character. It definately will cater to a market where there are audiences who would love to watch people from history who are playing themselves with image and voice that are exactly the same. This technology is simply amazing but it stills needs the approval of the people portrayed to agree that what is written in the script is accurate.
Awesome!
As a side note for everyone... all these video AI systems that are having all these massive discounts if you buy a year in advance etc be carefull !   yes great deals but yesterday using Kling and sora 2 on higgsfield took almost 2 or more hrs to generate 3 video of 8 seconds WTF? The demands for Ai video seems to be chocking the more affordable plans 😢
Great video as always! My prediction is this the big movie guys right about now are a little nervous everything is gonna be turned upside down soon. How many times do we keep switching thru nextflix, prime, Hulu cause you just don't feel there's nothing good for you or you seen it all already. I think most  people with good or maybe not so good creativity will be able to produce a pretty good very above average short to medium movie. Imagen people and friends making their own movies and sharing with other who have same interest and for free, and just for pure art! of course you will have to pay the service that helps you create the movie so they are gonna be the business that makes it in the movie business crazy times yes
5:24 Close look, some fruits disappeared in the thin air, 😅 ------------ something that still needs to improve.
how to access it?
Oh no!!! I really want to know wats Inde red plastic bag!!?? 🤣
any oany one who talks about is in a the scam fact
its dose nothing scam tryed itwont work
The west is in deep trouble. We blacks have been victims of history whitewashing by Hollywood and God the great judge is now making things right. Less fortunate people will now have a chance to make their own.
When humanity decide to commit suicide.
Somebody, please create a new ending to The Game Of Thrones. Please 🙏
China❤
Hollywood is over, everyone can make movies on Seedance, just like Tiktok end many TV stations, because everyone can post media on it.
That red bag definitely has a head in it.
Oh, Bytedance? Makes sense why the combat is Hong Kong cinema level
How to get access?
Your commentary bores me to death
we are on super singularity timeline
and then one day we find out we're all actually AI
wowowowowow
now vfx guys can fix the litle bugs
this is the end of animation as we know it
The author's usage of words "creepily" and "overplayed" are very, very WRONG!!!! I DON'T APPROVE THAT!!! "CUTE" and "BEAUTIFUL", for example  are correct words to use!!! I wanted to like the video, but I have to DISLIKE it because of the author's inappropriate tusage of words "creepily" and "overplayed"!!!
Better not released in America 😅or it will be a national security issue 😂
Thank you for this video 🙌🏻💯
china working american talking 😮‍💨
All I know is- with tools like this, my retirement is shaping up to be a blast !
Amazin
@BBC，现在你知道代价是什么了吗
seedance 2.0 💯
Ai 2025: Absolute Slop! 
Ai 2026: Absolute Cinema!
compare to nano banana which is better?
China can do what the west can - maybe even much better and cheaper and FREE TOO (most of them)
Wow Wow !!!
Very powerful AI video !!!
Vey impressive !!!
I am feeling bad for the likes of brad pitt, they are about to go broke.
When the US innovates, it patents the technology, creates monopolies, makes huge profits, and celebrates its tech giants.
But when other countries innovate — especially China — the US uses its global dominance to suppress them using weak and convenient excuses.

A classic example is TikTok — banned under the pretext of security, while Instagram Reels was aggressively promoted as a replacement.

This time, however, the US is dealing with China and Russia — both nuclear-armed superpowers. If it continues to overplay its dominance and hegemony, the consequences could escalate into a global conflict, possibly even reaching US soil.

Whatever you sow, you shall reap.
Looks so real!
Best AI video for sure
CHINESE century 
US: national security risk！
Hollyood is absoutely cooked
XI--- Happy Chinese New Year to you all MF 😂😂
Crazy!This is revolutionary!
Movie fan edits are gonna be good!
How long till I can upload my script and see it come to fruition without needing Hollywood to hire me and greenlight it? By 2030 or am I being unrealistic?
Soon we'll have the ability to make Superbowl quality videos  😂💀

But in all seriousness, this is actually insane, amazing and once we can get a hold on it, Hollywood will actually have to try to be the best in the game. Wow.
You missed the Chinese Kanye video made by Seedance!!! It’s amazing
I can't seem to find it anywhere 😢
Honestly this looks years ahead of veo or sora!!
I can offer Seedance 2.0 point recharge services. Feel free to create to your heart's content.
the wire work feels makes it look realistic.
IG shorts/reels are gonna get lit
Wow, it is impossible to find the product on a google search 😂
Good reviews, every week! Thanks 🎉
By start of next year, we'll witness another utter failure of chinese hyping 😂
嘿嘿嘿，我用seedance制作了奥特曼大战金刚😂😂
The US will ban Seedance 2.0 😂
It's a dream for novelists to make their writing into reality.  ❤
This is so crazy, bro. I cannot wait to see what this AI will be like in 5 to 10 years. Even though I might never be able to access it without paying a ton of money, the video footage might end up being 5 to 20 minutes longer. Jesus Christ, that's crazy and awesome. I'm 100% get in that lake and drown lmaoo.
现在的ai算力大约每十个月翻一番，但是距离真正的大规模影视化能力还差的很远，千分之一都没到。个人认为ai还要经历一次像2001年互联网泡沫那样的泡沫，然后再大规模进入生活
之前的很多充满奇思妙想的真实影片许多人怀疑是AI做的
现在的很多超现实主义的AI影片反倒让人觉得是实景拍摄
Ai正变得越来越强大
uninspired digital excrement
Biden is lucky
here because of seeing kanye West's butterfly dream
High-quality films in the future no longer need high costs, people just need to be creative
Dead internet theory
Hollywood is cooked
15 seconds of 4K footage per generation and with the ability to analyze choreography. Yup, there's hope for Star Wars now...
谁需要注册账号 帮忙代注册账号
You are reviewing cherry picked videos that the company made. No individual made these.

Some people claim to have access in Europe, where are their tutorials? Where is there proof of work? There is none, is a marketing scam.

No famous faces, no famous voices, nothing copyright.

You will not able to achieve multi shot with a single stance prompt.

You will absolutely need pictures as elements to achieve good results
soon people will be bored with such insane action scenes movie too..mark my words...there will be much ai slop in upcoming days..
Do you have the prompt used for the severance elevator scene 😅 I tried creating it and failed
The I reach out to my contact at bytedance nearly killed me😂😂😂
去年中国新年前发布DeepSeek，今年中国新年前发布see dance，真的有点意思
All of that industrial espionage really paying off for the Chinese AI video/image companies...
我的天呐，字节跳动公司这次真的给我们一个大惊喜😂
onde encontro prompts cinematográficos como esses para gerar meus videos?
I think Hollywood will go bankrupt after this. Since movie creation have become so accessible at a much much lower cost for individuals.
Maybe 1 or 2 years later, we won't need so many real actors, especially those background actors.... it can easily generated by AI .
知道为什么美国打压中国科技发展了吧
It is pretty quiet around midjourney.
Thanks for the Video and the example. Although it looks better and better, even with more references, it still seems impossible to get what you actually wanted from the model.
So this is where all the ram is going?
记住未来是中国人的
Honestly, the whole AI race now feels like it’s Chinese vs. Chinese — those in China and those in America.
4:39 lol she’s walking down that street at about 15MPH
AI is advancing fast, so staying aware is important. I rely on TruthScan to help tell what’s real and what’s AI-made.
With the advent of the era of personal films, everyone is the protagonist, and writers are experts in prompts, giving themselves vivid works to those who don't like to read novels
I'm having trouble differentiating stupid AI from stupid human these days. Those headlines were "Bytedance Seedream 2.0 Beta GENERATE 8K VIDEOS.."  . As we learned that's SeeDANCE.
I just wonder how will filmmakers make money off these AI movies as the market will be ultra saturated since anyone and everyone can make a movie
For a min thought was Scott Adkins
Remember, this was developed without Nvidia products 😁😁😁
China no1
The futue is in CHINA.
W China
It kinda funny cause all of them are Chinese models
I just tried it and it was absolutely mind blowing. I can’t believe how realistic it is. I could literally make my own movies now. Has China’s AI technology really developed this fast already?
I love this channel because you re not blind like other people...They just need to see an 8-bit full gen (sound/video) in the cinema during 1h30 to understand that it's not working for this...AI needs to stick to advertising not cinema...when advertising just want to say hey we exist...and not going viral and let a strong mark on users...Like Intermarche or Pepsi who made real controlled clean art without gen-AI. 
We can use it in an optimal way...not in a really lazy way when people get frustrated because they have no artistic luggage and no patience..and a too strong ego to face retakes. 
Because that s the essence of cinema studios bring to the screen the director (client) visions...(so through discussion and retakes, minor retakes)...here it's like you want a quick cheap movie...forgot retakes mr client 😅
10:20 ai search took the same example and replaced the two figures and he was able get the exact fight sequence , you should see it .
Can't believe people support this bullsh
GenAI is ruining the world, and you're celebrating
cant wait for it...
Wild stuff. Thanks for sharing. It's going to be impossible to discern what's real and what's AI before much longer. What an absolutely wild time to be alive! Normal isn't coming back my friends! Jesus Christ is! If you're someone who has yet to receive the FREE GIFT of eternal salvation through faith alone in the blood of Christ, then pull up these verses and get saved today! For tomorrow isn't promised and Jesus is coming to take His bride home any day now! Read John: 3:15-17, 1 Corinthians 15:1-4, Ephesians 1:13-14, Ephesians 2:8-9, Romans 3:22-28, Romans 5:8-9, & Romans 10 :9-10. Rapture any day now! If you miss the rapture, when you see us go, run to Jesus and tell everyone you can what happened. Don’t fall for a possible alien abduction cover up or whatever the world throws at you, and don’t take the Mark of the Beast (read Revelation 13 &14) Jesus loves you all! Amen!
Seedance 2.0 is acc so wild
If AI figures out how to write good stories we're cooked.
we will make our own GTA6 before GTA6
Url?
What about violence or gore scense ?
日本和美国居然认为可以战胜这样的科技大国，笑了。
AI putting a car into the “19th century”. Did you mean 20th? Or did the AI get it wrong?
Released in the west, maybe.
In the US? No. It's gonna be a national security threat. lll
is it for free?
2025春节deepseek，2026春节seedance2
In a DREAM, you are asleep and not moving, that means still images (Seedream).  When you DANCE, you are moving, so video for Seedance.
Los modelos de IA empezaron fuerte 2026💀💀
TRUMP:CHINA！！！
Using this for gaming would be cool.. but only in conjunction with game developers, but art design needs to stay with humans IMO
这是属于中国和美国共同的科技成果。互相竞争，遥遥领先全世界。
any face swap?
How long will it be before T Rump declare that it's a threat to National Security and will sanction it - TikTok v2, ban anything that has the potential to be superior to what the Maga-nificent are doing, and selling
Someone says this is the last year for traditional movies. It's time for AI
These advances just aren't letting up, are they?  I'm glad I got a good GPU a little while back.

I'm waiting for the writers of a show that has been cancelled, using a tool to create new episodes.  Maybe even old old television programs.  I'm just sayin give me my 4th season of Dark Matter goddamit. Just a couple of episodes will do.
China NO1
National security is alarming😁😁😁
Roll on Slopfest. Yuppyyy! There is already a better model than Seedance what you gonna do now?
Commercial companies is exploding, all companies are making their own materials now with only 1 employee. The unemployment will be crazy soon.
Who has the link
Just to be clear, this is a AI tool for the professionals in the video and media industry...just when you think you can make a video of you cat doing a back flips the technical and philosophy of the craft...and that is the ceiling of your video, nothing more.
好莱坞体系崩溃近在咫尺，机会给到了有创意的年轻人，人人导演的时代马上要来了😂。
Imagine what will be Veo 4
10:48 fight scene, people sitting come people go and the they’re all gone in the very final scene…
But it is the best I’ve seen yet.
So I tried seedream and wow the results are awesome
Is it out yet, I’m definitely goanna have a lot of fun with this.
The latest Chinese New Year gifts
幸亏是中国的，不然我们又要被封锁了。
yeah seedance 2.0 is pretty awesome, I've been testing the model on the Chinese version of dreamina but it's not cheap. However, I have been having a blast of using it to generate Batman fighting sequences and shorts for Chinese new year. It also works relatively well with 3x3 grid photos for story telling but it's less stable.
Even seedance 1.5 was amazing .. I have tested all video models . Even kling warps face .. seedance constantly maintains structure of human face and all physical structure is accurate.. it’s amazing .. now 2.0 🎉 seedance is indeed the best ai video model out there . I cover this in my channel
The videos created by seedance 2.0 are so realistic and easy to produce that ByteDance has urgently halted the uploading of real-person images for video creation to prevent widespread use in fraud.
What’s in the baaaaag?!
I predict that this might be the next phase of realism in video games too. Rather than spending graphical resources on creating high fidelity graphics, devs will simply make rudimentary models or performances and overlay realistic AI generative frames.
中國在訓練AI模型的數據方面有絕對的獨裁特色，所有社交媒體的相片影片聲音文字完全歸國家所有，任何訓練無須任何當事人同意，這部分西方完全無法能比。
I'll stick to non-CCP run AI.  But thank you, Tim.
2030’s gonn be a different world. Exciting times
This is a revolutionary product that allows ordinary people to create films at the level of professional directors with the need for users to provide text scripts. Hollywood is going to be collectively unemployed🎉
American IP protection is over
🇨🇳 ByteDance's latest AI Video Model: Seedance 2.0
Holy 🤯!
Can't even pay for a MONTH for any platform. Thanks, as always, Tim. 💯
I can’t thank you enough for taking the time to make this - and your good humor and commentary throughout. How do you think this AI compares to Higgsfield?
Just wild the pace this tech is advancing.
Wokewood is done, and I am here to watch it burn.

AI is the future of entertainment, no amount of crying and coping will stop it.
we going to make our own movies soon
What's the price difference between kling 3.0 and seedance 2.0? Where do I use both? What's the maximum length on both?
If you pay for this are we giving out dollars to China ???
One word: Corn 🌽
Tim, you are a beacon of stability in the ever changing torrent of GenAI. I salute you 🫡
Pretty nice. Wondering how many months it will take the open-source community to get to this point.
10:31 No you actually can make the video reference follow the animation camera one to one by explicitly saying to follow the camera direction in the prompt. Particularly in the CapCut dermina editor. You get more control
Wow! 🤯
As a video editor, it is hard to see your transitions. Please do smooth movements sir. Currently they are moving in a linear speed. If you need help drop me a message.
Its out on playground for free for now.
"Well...it's been a week, and that basically equals three months in AI time." Love the temporal distinction, it would be dishonest to think AI would only progress as fast as prior models.
upgrade kling 3.0   upgrade jimeng to ultra  I'm f king going bankrupt.
this keeps getting crazier ... can't even imagine AI in 2027-2028
Great video, but yeahhh, more flamethrower girl dude! 🔥😋
It’s out in china
Interesting fact, you know how much water is used daily for ai data servers to cool down? Millions and millions of gallons. By the time it’s 2030, what would be the percentage of water then?
Chinese video frontier models are beating unitedstatian ones. And taking runway valuation in its recent seed round, it looks like the market knows it.
This is absolutely insane, but in a good way, I think, lol, i dunno.  I literally spent the entire last weekend and weekend deep diving into Kling 3.0.  A juuuuust when I think I've worked out some fairly descent beginner stuff - NOW THIS.  yeah it's exciting but still... Oh well, release the Creative
Wow these Chinese video models are bangers!
What is the USA producing with all its exclusive GPU rights, data centres and the Silicon Valley tech giants?
Am i the only one that thinks these examples are a bit "unimaginative"?
I thought bro was saying Binance lmfao
Social media will be just strait Ai slop in a year
This is the real gem, kling 3.0 is overhyped
等这一天太久了，sora不给中国人注册，sora像宗教一样的注册机制真恶心。
Nice
I would feel better about yourr review of Seadance 2.0 if you actually had the program AND Were using it.
Stop this releases I can't keep up idk who's the king of this and that please
Why do all the current productions show women as an exhibition
Whatup Whatup
2:57 Ok Zac King is in trouble now 🥲
Its cinematography is masterful.
Unlike other AIs, SeeDance understands narrative coherence and can produce polished, mature works outright.
And next week it will be some other leader.. you're so close to the graph, you're seeing all the micro frequencies.
0:33
Modello temperamento?
Tim, I’ve always liked your videos, you’re on a league of your own when it comes to analyse new models, your insights are always very accurate… keep up the good work 👏
Aspar 360
*OpenAI is done*
❤❤ saport him ❤❤
I thought it would take at least a few months until they made it this realistic. I can't wait for on the fly VR video generation of what ever you want  - "I want to walk around as a senator in Rome ad 23."
I'm glad to see all our tiktoks put to good use as training data for this video model 😅
need seedance 2.0 open source
Wow!!!! The elevator scene did it for me. Absolute game changer!! 👏🏻 👏🏻
Seedance 2.0 really looks next-level, AI video is moving crazy fast!
Watch our fresh Kids videos for learning and fun
Simply amazing
Radha Radha Radha Radha Radha Radha Radha Radha Radha Radha
Bhai Radha Radha🙏
I mean, the biggest incoherence between clips you didn't mention is the people in the background disappearing 11:40.
But very impressive what seedance can generate. 🤩
at this rate, Full music video generations by years end, suno but video no editing just voala
如你所说现在才二月份，这次的seedance2.0也只是即梦AI的其中一个阶段，而不是最终的样子
one thing that shook me was the voice over 

no ai software has yet to master the advancement of the ai voice beiong noticeable 
now with see dance i can still tell its ai but with a few tweaks i may not be able to genuienly tell
视频模型可以算是世界级别领先的了，但是图像模型感觉对比nano banana pro还有点差距，也许也可能是我比较喜欢banana？
Exploiting legal loopholes to train AI on unauthorized works is crossing a line that should never be crossed. This behavior completely devalues the hard work and dedication of original artists. It must stop immediately. I welcome AI as a tool to assist creation, but casually reproducing others' work like this will only lead to severe misuse. Ultimately, this path will lead to the collapse of the entire content market.
在seedance 2.0出现后，中国已经在AGI领域全面领先美国，所有的工业领域，中国都已经在美国前面。
It's the best its ever looked and as bad as it'll ever get 🤯
seedance a good nice
Its really tought to keep on top of everything and I always feel more confident in my choices and directions when I feel up to date - your channel helps so much with this as I dont get the time to go looking thru AI model manuals and looking for new release models!
Seedance 2.0 will create avengers endgame before release
Damn this is a crazy year
i see people making spielberg's disclosure movie sequels to their liking by q1 2027....
Are you sure that skateboarder bought the flowers?  Nobody was there at the stall.  Probably why he was so happy.
If it can keep the reference images in a correct way, then it is possible to actually make a proper 20 min episode, the option to add a multiple images of characters, backgrounds and personal  footage from my phone for that set camera work, then the only thing stopping us is our imagination and wallet, but getting a team of people with the same goal and art direction then the wallet part becomes a less of a issue, Seedance 2.0 is on the right track with this release, maybe Theoretically Media could start a small team and make something, maybe?
Man, i cant imagine where we will be heading by end of 2026 ... this is nuts!!!
What's with the elevator music, Tim?
13:10 that was impressive but still noticed some inconsistencies like the painting behind her turning into a window but I am impressed by the subtle details like her bracelet and overall look staying the same!
14:19 “buying”
05:07 This video looks like a video was inputted in addition to the image. The guy turns into Scott Adkins after hitting the fruits, which is the same type of glitch you can have when Motion Control is used where the model mixes the original input with the result randomly.
How do you feel about Grok Video?
yup! glad to see the wrap-up! so helpful noticing the current end result! has come so far!
Great video, but we definitely needed fan favourite Flamethrower Girl and Man in a Business suit in this one.
Have been more impressed with this compared to King 3.0 but both are very good.
China kill the game！
Impressive! Really! But let's address the elephant in the room. It is sooooooooooo Hollywood-based. Just to make it clear, I do not try to downplay it, I grew up on Hollywood movies and I like them. But in terms of unique style and visual and structural narrative, is Seedance and other top-tier video models capable of giving more true-to-life unique style? Again, I am not a hater but rather one who wants to test the artistic boundaries of the model
At the 5m mark of your clip, did you notice that the escaping guy, after falling into the fruits, actually runs back to the people he was running from?! That sort of thing happened to me countless times with the very bad Veo 3.1 (in terms of artifacts, wonkyness and prompt understanding). This being said, it has nothing to do with the fact that I truly enjoy your vids!
Great video thanks
Get a small team and make movies.
What will people like Tom Cruise, in the future, do?
By combining SeeDance with Google’s Genie 3, we can envision a breakthrough in solve the "editability" problem: generating an entire 3D space rather than just a 2D video.

In this environment, all movements and visuals are rendered in real-time. The creator can enter the scene and adjust the camera at will without degrading the quality. This would eliminate the biggest pain point in AI video today: "Gacha-style" creation (relying on luck and repeated prompting).
I live in China... I used all... I've subscriptions for both kling and Seedance (got rid of MiniMax subscription). I always had better output with Seedance. And nobody talks about Seedance lip-syncs on closeup faces... incredibly good.
Great examples Tim. Thanks for all your hard work and research.
In the end, the AI video generator that will win will be the one that censors the output the least
Can't wait.   😅.   The weapons.  The debris.  Explosion.  Seadance really impressive
And there was me thinking that the Chinese labs would be shutting down for longer over the festival period! Seems they'll be straight back to work if there's an API release on the 24th!
Looks to me like we're 12 months away from rendering redundant most entry-level jobs at studios that produce commercials. Maybe we're two years away from the same thing happening at the professional level across the film industry.

Studios are going to be able to aggressive cut staffing soon.
The burning question I have is: When are "Man in a blue business suit" and "Flamethrower girl" going to get names?
这个太夸张了，目前全球最强AI视频制作
Because the dispatcher is already an annual subscriber of Jimeng, the Seedance 2.0 feature was noticed a few days earlier. At the time, its brief description was labeled something like “master-level performance.” The assumption was simple: new models appear every few days — probably just clearer and more accurate — so there was no urgency to try it. However, over the past few days, information about Seedance 2.0 has spread explosively, especially the claim that “the development trend of Seedance 2.0 can replace editing.” For the traditional film and television industry, this was undoubtedly a bolt from the blue. Some of the dispatcher’s friends work in film and television. Although the dispatcher’s understanding suggests this replacement is impossible, a single statement is not enough to calm their restlessness and anxiety. The dispatcher therefore began testing it immediately and produced two Shorts. The conclusions are as follows:
1.The development trend of Seedance 2.0 still — and will always — be unable to replace editing.
2.The development trend of Seedance 2.0 will replace most editors.
Simply put, editing is a way of thinking. In the traditional director-centered production system, from screenwriter to director to editor, all possess editorial thinking. A strong director has essentially completed the edit mentally before the editor even receives the footage; an excellent screenwriter may have already edited the narrative in the mind while writing the script. Whether it is a camera, editing software, or tools like Seedance 2.0, these instruments merely materialize what already exists in the mind. (There is certainly a process where humans and tools interact and inspire one another, but that does not mean the tool itself possesses editorial thinking.) Ultimately, decisions about what to add, what to remove, how to assemble, and how to cut are made by the person using the tool.
It just occured to me that the very noisy skateboard "Jump Move" is called something that sounds like Alley...🤨... Or Holy...
Overall these are very compelling scenes...🧐...
Aint that a reference to Jessy who collabs with Psy..?...🤨..?
Subzero and Scorpion from Mortal Kombat belongs to NetherRealms Studios, wich belong to Warner Brothers wich been both by Netflix. Wich probly signed an agreement with one of the software of AI generations you are using so there's an agreement for you to use theyr Mortal Kombat characters... You work for Netflix...😎...
Impressive!
Awesome video, as always! Seedance 2 might be the "gamechangiest" model so far, because of all the multimodal inputs. Kling 3 is great, but I've run the exact same prompts in Seedance 1.5 and more often than not the results are very similar. Dialogue and spatial coherency is better in Seedance 1.5, light rendering and acting better in Kling 3. The addition of driving video and sound input in Seedance 2 is really what has been missing for control, without going down the Comfy rabbithole.
I'd like to see more flat lighting. Everything is too well-lit.
3:15  it's not decent broh if we watch this in 2023 we will bleave that not ai
Yes!  Finally!  Fluid fight scenes!  ⚔️⚔️⚔️❤️❤️❤️
太牛逼了
Oh my God! We've hit a tipping point 🥰 Love it
Ha!...I knew it, another AI titan claims the throne...thanks you for bringing all the news so fast to us. What the AI plans need is a plan that can be used for only 'One Month' as I would personally save up enough for the Pro / Premium Plan for unlimited use for one month increments every so often when I can afford it....excellent video again.
4:20

I've lately been experimenting with some of the AI video models to morph an obviously painterly look & B&W sketches as starting images into a photorealistic animated scene......with very impressive results from Grok.

I haven't had access to Seadance 2 or Kling 3 to test in these platforms. Veo 3 sucks.
Yo, Uncle Tim! This one is a huge step up for action scenes. Looking forward to your UFO movie by the end of the year!
still waiting for my newsletter from you.
a week , isn’t 3.0 been out like 4 days ?
Keeping up to date gets harder and harder... I have pretty much set myself to veo, kling and seedance, and hope I don't miss out on too much from others. Always interested in your reviews
oh we know what's in the red bag...
When you work in a country that doesn’t recognize copyright, of course it’s going to look like Hollywood movies
tim always with the exclusive info 
Sora killer, meanwhile you guys can use Vidu Q3, the most uncensored ai model I have ever used
I hope Seedream 5.0 is better than the last two iterations (4.0 and 4.5). Seedream 3.1 still blows those out of the water in image generation quality. V 4.X seemed to be focusing on editing capabilities, but were a step back in first order image generation.
still looks plastic and saturated a lot of the time, impressive plastic I might add.....still THE EYES ,THE EYES!!!! PLEASE FIX THE CURSED EYES!!!! its edging closer I must admit.
Hi Tim! I’m Alice and I’d love to collaborate with you on an AI  video product. I just sent you an email with the details. Would be awesome if you could take a look and let me know what you think!
Very impressive, but Kling 3.0 Pro looks better to my eyes.
I don't see it anywhere on their Chinese site. Maybe it's a limited-beta for certain users?
Best place to get it?
And next week... Veo 4 ????? maybe in my dreams haha
7:29 The character is consistent, but the background is not. Notice there's no more elevator door behind. I think the video model is good, but not as the hype made it to be.
Im never gonna recover from this financially....
very very impressive
Thanks Tim. REALLY anticipating you taking it through its paces for quality, features & ease of use. Especially compared to Kling 3.0. I recently did a test where I gave Seedance 1.5 & Kling 3.0 the same prompt. Seedance followed the prompt. Kling 3.0 did not. I understand Kling is a different new beasty that you have to use a specialized prompting structure, but when your shot is done & you can move on to the next one... you get where I'm going.
Corn will never be the same ahihihihi
06:50 Младший брат Тома Круза и Эштона Кэтчера
🎉
Maybe you should have taken scenes from the MATRIX and used overweight fat people in tight skimpy clothing. Reason.. To see if the model can handle what I call "Fat Physics."
Cool
We’re Seedance fans so I can’t wait!
okay take my money now💸💸💸
👋  Seadance has always been in my top 3 AI video tools.......much better than Sora and Veo.

Looking forward to this review 👍
I could never discover how to use the last version. Do they ever really release them?
Excellent analysis!
tbh i think google has a better model already but they dont want to release it bc of copyright, they must be making sure no once can sue them, not that i love google or anything i just want the best model to come out already so we dont have to wait so much fucking time for good anime... i just think this bc there is no way google with all youtube dataset and their own TPUs doesnt have a better model
Wow, very impressive.
yeah this one is it haha
A year ago I was making videos and laughing out loud at how deformed and silly they were. Now you have to nit pick to find something wrong.
If we are getting an “optimized” version later, that means it will be LESS powerful for speed’s sake
By 2029 pilot episodes will be inputs for whole series.
We can now probably use AI models to create actual motion graphic videos
I knew this was coming. It was inevitable. I thought it would be another month or 3
We are getting close to first commercial productions with this
Awesome breakdown, Tim.  Some pretty impressive clips in there.  Can't wait to give it a shot!
I would like to see a comparison between Kling 3.0 versus Seedance 2.0.
I really need this performance for a big project I am trying to do. It has a lot of 3d references but because I'm having things being made of other things like for instance a ship made entirely of vegetables and every single room has to be accounted for and consistent it has been really hard for me to find a model that will work with that. Even with full 3D models referencing AIS will change a pumpkin into a zucchini Etc
Amazing😍😍I want ai too have more contact with clothing. like characters touching clothes and it doesnt wonk out😃i hope all AI Companys Work on That🤔
But isn't kling more filmmaker positioned
You kinda forgot in the wuxia ninja scene the fact that the background npcs just disappeared lol
Still pretty impressive
Sick!
I wonder how long it takes to get an open source model on this level ... I guess a RTX 5090 will be considered as a low VRAM Card this year ;P
Tim, these latest models are so extraordinary! It's hard to believe how good they are. It really won't be long before they are good enough for commercial movie releases. Thanks so much for keeping us up to date on all the AI video tech coming our way. Don't blink, you might miss one or two versions!
Ok, we're officially cooked ◉⁠‿⁠◉
wow... that looks interesting!!!
"Penny Dreadful with a shark" - now that's style!
really incredible.
Hi. Where can I find it for free now? What other tools use Vidu ingredients?
I think I can finally make videos.I have been wanting to make once this comes out.
I'm ready for it! I've been trying to make a Mortal Kombat based concept trailer as we speak!
When one major Ai Platform makes a major release, others follow.
This feels like a tipping point of some sort... some of these generations are quite astounding
Hey Tim, Long time viewer here (in AI years)-  just wanted to drop a note and let you know I super appreciate your posts, your sense of humor is subtle and not too forced, but always educational and doesnt appreciate you dont shill a model like a see some other creators just to get affiliate clicks
I love kling 3.0 and this looks like a great update as well. Anxiously anticipating Google's 'hold my beer' moment. I also kind of want it all to slow down so I can make something and it not look instantly outdated.
Tim, your avatar never looked more realistic than in this new video (@1:42). It's unbelievable!
what the... mind blown
for the love of God google veo 4 needs to release already i just subscribed to kling 3.0 and cant keep changing subs just for another video model google veo 4 needs to come out and wipe the floor and be the best all in one package 
thanks you tim youre the best AI tutor in the game
Rumor has it Minimax is working on something big, too. Veo and Sora will be left in the dust if they keep it up with all their content restrictions. But as far as American models, I'm really liking Grok Imagine and hope it implements end frame and Omni. Grok is probably the most relaxed model.

As far as Seedance 2.0, I'm still too busy being impressed by Kling 3.0 (especially the one at Higgsfield). Having element tags in image to video as well as omni is a godsend and my AI content never looked better or more consistent. It only breaks apart with surreal action scenes, but as you say, it's the worst it's gonna get.
As a musician/artist I can create so many incredible visuals with having to pay someone to do it for me what a time to be alive
Talking about tango, big hug from Argentina ! 🚀

The "subvert the plot" feature is genius for creative storytelling! I’ve been using Omnely to blend these prompts with Sora 2 and ElevenLabs audio to build full faceless shorts in minutes.
The 12-reference multimodal input for Seedance 2.0 is a huge win for consistency. I’ve been testing these workflows on Omnely because it puts Seedream and the top video models in one dashboard.
That Severance elevator restylizing test looked rock solid. I usually run these benchmarks on Omnely since it lets me combine the visuals with GPT-5 to get much better prompt adherence.
Does anyone know why Kling 3 takes so long for image-to-video generation? It takes almost 50 minutes for each video.
Seedance 2.0 and Kling 3.0 are battling for the throne! I use Omnely to switch between these top-tier models in one project to see which one handles the physics better for each shot.
gg vid
I can't wait till they update their seedream 4.5 to 5.0 or something. It's seriously gives the most photorealistic humans I've ever seen. When it works of course.
Camera speeds are too fast and way off.. I’m not impressed. I’ll wait 6 more months
I gotta feeling veo 4 is coming… when it drops every model will bow to the king😂
I think we have a winner here. Now we need to know how much will cost!
theres some updates sadly that suggest they are going full on overly paranoid and disabling allowing realistic faces to be uploaded.  its sadly now in the official docs (translated) .......which if true would basically make this model as useless as sora is .  they just should make filters to block "known" famous people" or something.......but i guess we'll learn more later.......... that would be a damn shame if so. because it really looks like an awesome model.....but who knows maybe given how popular its blown up the internet if it comes out and has that restriction enough people will complain and they will relax it.,   time will tell.
omg
but when can i run the equivalent at home on less than 16gb?
Love the Red vs Blue reference. Those seasons with that one guy who did the action packed scenes were so bad ass.
It's definitely scary, but awesome, that scenes can be generated now with so much detail, style, and coherence. Maybe we can start getting some decent turnaround times for animes, and other small budget projects.

So Tim, when are we getting a short film for Hell Planet?
How to remember:

Seedance -> Dancing -> Movement -> Video

Seedream -> Dreaming -> Imagination -> Image
😮it is insane
I tested it on a real project using image-to-video and dynamic motion. The atmosphere quality is impressive, but I noticed object permanence issues (props disappearing during action), minor face drift during complex camera moves, and some unstable camera physics.

Also worth noting: at the current pricing (e.g. around 800 credits for 8 seconds at 720p), it can get quite expensive if you need multiple iterations for a production-ready result.

Promising technology — just not fully production-stable yet for complex cinematic sequences.
Oh my God  this is amazing😮🎉
Thank you Tim Holmes.
What a time to be alive im a say it again WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE 🔥
I would like to see this used to generate movies for the hundreds of sci-fi and fantasy novels that will never get produced by Hollywood. Most of those books will never get experienced in their current format. Bringing it to a movie or show makes it accessible. The tech is getting really close to production level quality.
Imagine what Veo or Sora will come up with next.
oh NICE the fact it can only use the camera movement and NOT the content in the video but then use just the images is a real gamechanger there. nice!
When I saw the severance test, I knew that the dev teams are watching you!
none of this matters much without excellent lip sync
Why does Flame Thrower Girl use this weird AI generated old guy Avatar? 😂😂😂
Dog poop. That’s what’s in the bag. But it’s one hell of a dog.
One day we will be able to prompt: remake the 8th season of GoT.
Great Video , I have a question what is the official website to use ?
Just imagine what Veo 4 and Sora 3 will look like. And the features.
Looking forward to trying this one out!
Impressive!
So many ideas...So few credits!
The rate at which these AI models are advancing is amazing! By the end of the year we'd be able to create quality movies from inside our home.
This is unbelievable wow no need to be an animator anymore 😂
That thing in the forest recycles and collects its trash. Some hikers don't. Who's the real monster here? :D
Hollywood is done.
That red bag hanging in a tree was clearly a camper trying to put food out of a bear's reach, but making the mistake of wofting the scent through the air to draw the bear in, hence their remains on the ground below...
I’d love to see the prompts.
Wow. I can’t wait. I wonder if it’ll be that good!!!
I can’t keep up with the changes. This is nuts.
I wonder if any video generators these days can output multiple audio tracks so you could revoice the audio but keep the soundtrack & effects?  I guess you could use separate audio software to do that?
Just give it a couple more months "in AI time" and it'll reach the "peak" in terms of video quality, fidelity and all the "lys" there is. If anything, this really points out to 2026 being "the year of homemade AI movies."
I really thought after the Kling 3.0 video it would be a while before we saw a model that could compete. You think I would have learnt by now. 

These latest models really feel like a big step up, perhaps the first time its seriously going to be possible to put something professional together. Hoping Huanyuan is able to catch up, at least then there is a chance we can see it in open source.
Yep, this is the best we got today - poor Kling 3 got dethroned so quickly. I think it's 80% there in terms of physics and consistency. Seedance 3 in 6-12 months will probably finally solve it completely. Very excited for it.
I have to say, I'm actually impressed.  Demo videos actually look like stuff that may have been created by humans.  That's a huge step!  But, I want to see open source models similarly improve.  So I'm looking forward to the LTX-2 model updates later in the year and from anybody else doing open source.
only Feb! damn!
10:45 maybe turn down the creativity so that the model doesnt do what it feels like.
This is amazing! Guess it's a sad day for the anti-AI community
😯😯😯😯😯😯😯😯
Kling 3 feels old lol ,this is hollywood level
6:33 yea this is good
Why so underwhelmed and nitpicking  no sponsor yet? This model is the step up we were waiting for.
To be honest, I can't quite understand the excitement. It is not at all certain that the 'global' model will perform on par with the Chinese variant. While that would be nice, it is certainly not a sure thing.
It does indeed look like a spectacular upgrade...Can it also modify videos or part of videos while keeping existing details from the original upload ?
Imagine where it will be in one year. I still remember some horrifying generations with Kling 1.0. And that models is what 18 months old?
Wow just wow, this is the era where every filmmakers can make their dream movie
It look amazing (with a few caveats) ...however I make my films using animated (bones & mesh) real life accurate characters and feed that into AI. It works well in most cases but Seedance always seems to think 'Ah animation, I don't care if you tell me not to in the prompt; I'm going to give the character big Disney eyes' ...literally every time, so I never use it but maybe this version will be better. esp with added multiple reference images. Dread to think what credit cost will be though, Kling 3.0 seem very expensive already, so I might sit back on that one for a while
Man were getting close to where we make all of the films in our heads real...
ahh 2026 is not decipointing! Now I want the next Veo and Sora updates! Aaaand the prices to come down and the generation length to expand, and the prompt enherence to improve, and the audio and acting to be more believable (though Kling 3 is crushing that!)
Lol. Tim 2030 :
I dont wanna nitpick buuuuttttttt..... frame 187 if you zoom in , and then zoom in again , you can see in the spiders eyes that the rooms reflection is slightly different. Here we have an orange room, but the color in the reflected eyes is definitely a red color. Worrying , we can all agree.
Where are you using this?
I have been absolutely shocked by the ability of this seedance 2.0, it doesn’t look like a video generator. It’s freaking unbelievable. I am waiting to see this thing live to actually see if it does what people have been showing us on x
Great video, but managing all these accounts is a nightmare. I use Omnely now so I can hit Kling and Flux without multiple subscriptions. Really hope more platforms start bundling tools like this.
while it's crazy good, I wished it didn't bring so many changes so fast. I mean how are people going to react to this?
Subscription fatigue is real with all these new releases. I eventually just grabbed an Omnely sub to get the major video models and ElevenLabs together. Makes way more sense than paying for everything separately.
The fragmentation in this space is getting ridiculous. I finally consolidated everything onto Omnely just to have Flux and Kling under one sub. Beats bleeding money on separate premium tiers for every single tool.
My wallet is weeping with all these separate subs dropping. I just switched to Omnely to get Kling and Flux in one place. Much easier than juggling five different monthly bills.
Ok, this is the first time I've been genuinely wowed by AI video. Usually it's like, yeah, ok that's cool, but eh, it's got a ways to go. This is the first one I've seen where ive been like, holy shit, that's almost it. We're almost there. There being "good enough", obviously it will still get better after we get to "good enough".
Trying to keep up with every tool launch is exhausting. I started using Omnely just to access Kling, Veo, and the LLMs in one dashboard. Solves the headache of logging into ten different sites.
stuffs gettin good
You are theee man!!
It's great how you do your videos and your demos of each different Video model using yourself in many because right off the bat it literally is you in the video and it doesn't have that generic look....you would not tell it was AI from the pan into you reading what is handed to you in the street.
Ah shoot. 
Just about to close my youtube binge... 😂
Another 30 bucks to throw at 😂
that's it. I'm calling it. we're officially cooked with ai videos now
Absolutely insane, Hollywood is cooooked 🔥 Once it will be more easy to adjust the generations and fix mistakes there's no stopping it
Yeah both AI companies are throwing heavy blows and we get to win!
Me first 🎉😅
